Configure Metallb artifacts on a guest cluster for BM and non BM (#6409)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/handle_ingress_bm.adoc

[#handling-ingress]
= Handling ingress in a hosted cluster on bare metal

Every {ocp-short} cluster has a default application Ingress Controller that typically has an external DNS record associated with it. For example, if you create a hosted cluster named `example` with the base domain `krnl.es`, you can expect the wildcard domain
`*.apps.example.krnl.es` to be routable.

To set up a load balancer and wildcard DNS record for the `*.apps` domain, you need to perform the following actions:

* Deploying MetalLB
* Configuring a new load balancer service that routes to the ingress deployment
* Assigning a wildcard DNS entry to the load balancer IP address.

*Note:* Perform the following steps on your guest cluster.

> . Set up MetalLB. After creating a service of the `LoadBalancer` type, MetalLB adds an external IP address for the service.

Reviewer: Could we use a sample here to guide the customers in a better way?

- sample:

```yaml
---
kind: Service
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  annotations:
    metallb.universe.tf/address-pool: ipv6-virtual-network
  name: metallb-ingress
  namespace: openshift-ingress
spec:
  ipFamilyPolicy: SingleStack
  ports:
    - name: http
      protocol: TCP
      port: 80
      targetPort: 80
    - name: https
      protocol: TCP
      port: 443
      targetPort: 443
  selector:
    ingresscontroller.operator.openshift.io/deployment-ingresscontroller: default
  type: LoadBalancer
```

Author: Addressed per the slack discussion. Thank you for the review :)

[#handling-ingress]
= Handling ingress in a hosted cluster on bare metal

Every {ocp-short} cluster has a default application Ingress Controller that typically has an external DNS record associated with it. For example, if you create a hosted cluster named `example` with the base domain `krnl.es`, you can expect the wildcard domain
`*.apps.example.krnl.es` to be routable.

> To set up a load balancer and wildcard DNS record for the `*.apps` domain, you need to perform the following actions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up a load balancer and wildcard DNS record for the `*.apps` domain, you need to perform the following actions on your guest cluster:
```

* Deploying MetalLB
* Configuring a new load balancer service that routes to the ingress deployment

> * Assigning a wildcard DNS entry to the load balancer IP address.

Reviewer 2: I recommend that you remove the bullet points and incorporate them in the tasks

Author: I think this can all go away. In the next steps, this is anyway mentioned.

*Note:* Perform the following steps on your guest cluster.

> . Create a YAML file that contains the configuration for the MetalLB Operator:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Deploy MetalLB by creating a YAML file that contains the configuration for the MetalLB Operator:
```

  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----

. Save the file as `metallb-operator-config.yaml`.

. Enter the following command to apply the configuration:

+

> ----

Reviewer 3: Add source block here

+
** An `IPAddressPool` resource with a single IP address. This IP address must be on the same subnet as the network that the cluster nodes use.
** A `BGPAdvertisement` resource to advertise the load balancer IP addresses that the `IPAddressPool` resource provides through the BGP protocol.

+
.. Create a YAML file to contain the configuration:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: metallb.io/v1beta1
kind: IPAddressPool
metadata:
  name: <ip_address_pool_name> <1>
  namespace: metallb
spec:
  protocol: layer2
  autoAssign: false
  addresses:
    - <ingress_ip>-<ingress_ip> <2>
---
apiVersion: metallb.io/v1beta1
kind: BGPAdvertisement
metadata:
  name: <bgp_advertisement_name> <3>
  namespace: metallb
spec:
  ipAddressPools:
    - <ip_address_pool_name> <1>
----

> <1> Specifies the `IPAddressPool` resource name.

Reviewer 3: If the user is expected to add their own values here, then let's rephrase these as prompts (Specify... or Replace...)

oc apply -f ipaddresspool-bgpadvertisement-config.yaml
----

. After creating a service of the `LoadBalancer` type, MetalLB adds an external IP address for the service.

> .. To set up the load balancer service that routes ingress traffic to the ingress deployment, create a YAML file named `metallb-loadbalancer-service.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: Configuring a new load balancer service that routes to the ingress deployment
```suggestion
.. Configure a new load balancer service that routes ingress traffic to the ingress deployment by creating a YAML file named `metallb-loadbalancer-service.yaml`:
```

+

> ----

Reviewer 3: Add source block here
